[Security] Add tip for using new isGrantedForUser() function (#18033)
symfony/symfony-docs: security.rst

          // ...
      }

.. tip::

>     Using ``isGranted()`` checks authorization against the currently logged in user. If wanting to check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using ``isGranted()`` checks authorization against the currently logged in user. If you need to check
```

>     against a user that isn't logged in or if checking authorization when the user session is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    against a user that is not the one logged in or if checking authorization when the user session is not
```

>     available (example: message queue, cronjob, command) ``userIsGranted()`` can be used to set the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    available in cli context (example: message queue, cronjob) ``userIsGranted()`` can be used to set the
```

>     user explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    target user explicitly.
```

> 

Reviewer: And need to mention the versionadded directive (of course after code merge)

          // ...
      }

.. tip::

    Using ``isGranted()`` checks authorization against the currently logged in user. If you need to check
    against a user that is not the one logged in or if checking authorization when the user session is not

>     available in a CLI context (example: message queue, cronjob) ``userIsGranted()`` can be used to set the

Reviewer 2: please note that method has been renamed to `isGrantedForUser()` in symfony/symfony#59214

    target user explicitly.

    .. versionadded:: 6.4

        The :method:`Symfony\\Bundle\\SecurityBundle\\Security::userIsGranted`

>         method was introduced in Symfony 6.4.

Author: Will need to update the two v6.4 references to the relevant release once https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/48142 is merged.

Reviewer: perhaps add as well a code block example :)
